Provide PyPI installation instructions (#111)
datarobot/syftr: README.md

uv sync --extra dev
uv pip install -e .
```
or
```bash
pip install syftr
```

> NOTE: __syftr__ works as a library, but still needs easy access to `config.yaml` and study files you intend to run. This file should be present in `/etc/syftr/config.yaml`, `~/.syftr/config.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: __syftr__ works as a library, but still needs easy access to `config.yaml` and study files you intend to run. This file should be present in `~/.syftr/config.yaml`, or your current working directory.
```

> NOTE: __syftr__ works as a library, but still needs easy access to `config.yaml` and study files you intend to run. This file should be present in `/etc/syftr/config.yaml`, `~/.syftr/config.yaml`

Reviewer 2: Ah, but not for adding the config manually.

> NOTE: __syftr__ works as a library, but still needs easy access to `config.yaml` and study files you intend to run. This file should be present in `/etc/syftr/config.yaml`, `~/.syftr/config.yaml`

Author: updated, thanks.
